# Privacy Policy

This Privacy Policy applies only to official release builds distributed via extension stores. The development builds use development tools not covered by this Policy.

## Motivation

This extension was careated because I was did not like the choices made by creators of other extensions because of their security and privacy implications. This extension is built for maximum user security and privacy.

## Privacy

### No automatic data collection of any kind

This extension will initiate network requests only if they were explicitly requested by the user via a previous action. Extension queries the following:

#### Information requests without submitting any identifirs

 - Server compatibility information queried when user switches to another server
 - Video segment information queried when user starts watching a video
   Extension assumes user agrees to query this information by installing and using the extension in the first place.

#### Information submission requests signed by user's private key

 - Submitting new segment information for a video
 - Submitting feedback about a video or segment information provided by other users or generated by server
 - Submitting your nick name for the public data viewer

### No third-party services

Extension does not connect to any services other than YouTube (to gather precise timed captions) and extension's own server (for everything else).

### Minimal use of identifiers

#### No HTTP Cookies or other autmatically appended identifiers

Extension does not use HTTP cookies or any automatically inserted personalized tokens. If server needs to validate authenticity of information, the client signs the message on individual basis.

#### No hidden strong identifiers

The only identifier used by the server is a hash of user's public key and it is connected only to requests explicitly signed by the user.

#### No non-resettable identifiers

The only identifier that extension has is the user's public key. It can be reset to effectively generate a new user profile.

## Security

### No Cross-Site Scripting and Cross-Site Styling sinks

Extension does not query any executable or style sheet resources, all JavaScript and CSS code is there at compile time. Extension uses a very srong CSP to avoid any known Cross-Site Scripting and Cross-Site Styling sinks. See below for details.

### Strong Content Security Policy

Extension has the most locked-down Content Security Policy I could make. Everything is set to `'none'` except for:
 - `script-src` is `'self'` to execute scripts
 - `style-src` is `'self'` to have pretty interface on extension's own pages
 - `img-src` is `'self'` to display images on extension's own pages
 - `connect-src` is `https://*` to allow users to connect to any server of their choosing

Read more about [Content Security Policy](./CSP.md).

## Authentication

Read more about [public key cryptography](./Cryptography.md).

### No passwords

This extension does not have passwords, extension relies entirely on public-key cryptography instead.

### Resettable private key

The private key can be reset to generate a completely new account. Also, user can export private key to back it up or even use multiple different keys interchangably.
