# Privacy Policy

This document contains a brief and dry Privacy Policy, for more complete
discussion of Privacy principles please refer to general [Privacy](Privacy.md)
document. For intellectual property and data authorship matters please refer to
[Terms of Service](Terms.md).

This Privacy Policy applies only to official release builds distributed via
extension stores. The development builds use development tools not covered by
this Privacy Policy.

You can self-host the server and avoid interaction with any services other than
YouTube.

## What information extension has access to

As you can see in extension permissions, this extension has access only to
YouTube pages and does not require any other permissions.

This extension can be used for "consuming" the segment annotation data, in this
case a bare minimum of query data is submitted to select just to and for
con

This extension only ever uses the following information:
| Information                            | Stored on user's machine | Sent to server without explicit approval each time | Sent to server after an explicit approval each time |
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
| Video ID                               | Yes                      | - to query segmentation information                | Within a segment annotation contribution            |
| Video Transcript                       | No                       | if yo                                              | Within a segment annotation contribution            |
| Video segment annotation               | Yes                      | No                                                 | Within a segment annotation contribution            |
| Segment type preference                | Yes                                     | No                                                 | No                                                  |
| Individual segment annotation feedback | Yes                             |
 - If you choose to contribute segments
 - Vide

## Information collection

### No automatic data collection of any kind.

### Public key hash is the only persistent identifier

This extension does not have any non-resettable identifiers. The only persistent
identifier, contributor's public key, can be reviewed/reset/exported or imported
in the settings.

Read more about [public key cryptography](./Cryptography.md).

### Information

### No automatic data collection of any kind

This extension will initiate network requests only if they were explicitly requested by the user via a previous action. Extension queries the following:


### Information transmission

For a complete description of data formats please refer to [API](API.md).

#### Information requests without submitting any identifiers

 - Server compatibility information queried when user switches to another server
 - Video segment information queried when user starts watching a video

#### Information submission requests signed by user's private key

 - Submitting new segment information for a video
 - Submitting feedback about a video or segment information provided by other users or generated by server
 - Submitting your nick name for the public data viewer

### No third-party services

Extension does not connect to any services other than YouTube (to gather precise
timed captions) and extension's own server (for everything else). You can learn
more about hosting services used in [Hosting](Hosting.md).



### Minimal use of identifiers


#### No non-resettable identifiers

The only identifier that extension has is the user's public key. It can be reset to effectively generate a new user profile.
